# Solar-War
Caught up in a deadlock over dominance over the universe, the four factions, The Federation, Empire, Alliance, and the Institution. The Federation seeks to maintain a capitalistic society while maintaining a balance between people and corporations. The Empire believes there is an intergalactic injustice being committed on the daily and seeks to preserve true justice. The Alliance is comprised of numerous corporations, their belief is that the universe is on the brink of a complete economic collapse and will do anything to keep it thriving. The Institution seeks to create a haven for science, where knowledge would be a forefront of civilization.
	These four factions are in a constant power struggle, and have each garnered up members and troops. They then all proceeded to declare war upon each other. In the years following they have been in a massive scramble for land. The player is dropped in one of the many disputed galaxies as the leader of a fleet for one of the factions. Each of the participating factions garner up support from a planet while the other members of the galaxy prepare to fend off the onslaught and defend their own systems of belief and harmony.
	After defeating opposition, the surviving faction seizes the mines of the defeated enemies and increases the numbers of their fleet over time. The strategist whom claims victory is hailed as the hero of their faction that won the war for them and jump the ranks to the top. However, the losing parties are left to the void of space. With everything that is at stake and only one victor, who will it be?
